================================================================================
                                                *diffview.changelog*

CHANGELOG

                                                *diffview.changelog-169*

PR: https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim/pull/169

The file history option panel is now able to accept multiple values separated
by whitespace. This means that if you want to specify values with whitespace,
you need to quote the value, or escape the whitespace with a backslash (`\`).

                                                *diffview.changelog-151*

PR: https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim/pull/151

The config for log options has changed. The table is now divided into the
sub-tables `single_file`, and `multi_file`. This allows you to define
different default log options for history targeting singular files, and
history targeting multiple paths, and/or directories. To update your config,
just move all your log options into the new table keys `single_file` and
`multi_file`:

        Before: ~
>
                require("diffview").setup({
                  -- ...
                  file_history_panel = {
                    log_options = {
                      max_count = 512,
                      follow = true,
                    },
                  },
                })
<

        After: ~
>
                require("diffview").setup({
                  -- ...
                  file_history_panel = {
                    log_options = {
                      single_file = {
                        max_count = 512,
                        follow = true,
                      },
                      multi_file = {
                        max_count = 128,
                        -- follow = false   -- `follow` only applies to single-file history
                      },
                    },
                  },
                })
<

You only need to define the options you want to change from the defaults. To
find all the available log options, see |diffview.git.LogOptions|.

Calling `:DiffviewFileHistory` with no args would previously target the file
in the current buffer. This has now been changed to instead target the
top-level of the working tree. This was changed because with how it worked
before, there was effectively no way to get the file history equivalent of
running `git log` with no path args. If your cwd was some subdirectory of the
working tree, and you wanted the full file history of the tree, you would have
to manually type out the path to the top-level. On the contrary, getting the
history for the current file is always as simple as just using `%`, which
expands to the current file name.

To get the file history for the current file like before, simply run: >

        :DiffviewFileHistory %
<

                                                *diffview.changelog-137*

PR: https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim/pull/137

The minimum required version has been bumped to Neovim 0.7.0, as the plugin
now uses some of the API functions provided in this release.

                                                *diffview.changelog-136*

PR: https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim/pull/136

This PR refactors the internal representation of a panel (the various
interactive windows used in the plugin). The way panels are configured has
been changed and extended in a manner that is incompatible with the way it was
done before. To update your config, just move all the window related options
into a new table key `win_config`:

        Before: ~
>
                require("diffview").setup({
                  -- ...
                  file_panel = {
                    position = "left",
                    width = 35,
                    height = 16,
                    -- (Other options...)
                  },
                })
<
        After: ~
>
                require("diffview").setup({
                  -- ...
                  file_panel = {
                    win_config = {
                      position = "left",
                      width = 35,
                      height = 16,
                    },
                    -- (Other options...)
                  },
                })
<
This goes for both the `file_panel` and the `file_history_panel` config. To
see all the available options for `win_config`, see
|diffview-config-win_config|.

                                                *diffview.changelog-93*

PR: https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim/pull/93

The plugin will from here on out require `plenary.nvim`:
https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim

I'm using plenary for it's async utilities as well as job management. To
update, just make sure plenary is loaded before diffview. Examples:

        Packer:~
            `use { 'sindrets/diffview.nvim', requires = 'nvim-lua/plenary.nvim' }`

        Plug:~
            `Plug 'nvim-lua/plenary.nvim'`
            `Plug 'sindrets/diffview.nvim'`

                                                *diffview.changelog-64*

PR: https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim/pull/64

This PR introduces some small breaking changes in the config, and for plugins
integrating diffview.nvim.

The `use_icons` config table key has been moved out of the `file_panel` table.
This has been done because `use_icons` now applies to other contexts than just
the file panel. The correct way to configure this now is to set `use_icons`
somewhere from the top level of the config table.

For plugins integrating diffview.nvim:
Several of the git utilities have been refactored into their own namespace
(`lua/diffview/git/`). I (STS) felt this was necessary due to the growing
scope of the plugin. Most notably this means that the `Rev` class now resides
in `lua/diffview/git/rev.lua`.

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl:
